first draft for readme (#37)
SweepMe/instrument-drivers: README.md

# Instrument Drivers
This repository contains python based SweepMe! ([https://sweep-me.net/](https://sweep-me.net/)) instrument drivers. 
SweepMe! is a test&measurement software that allows users to quickly combine instruments from different vendors in a low-code/no-code environment.
The software has an open driver interface so that everybody can work on own driver implementations or modify existing drivers.
**But: The drivers in this repository are for developers only.**
All users of SweepMe! can download versioned drivers from our server via the included version manager.

> To get started with SweepMe!, please visit the 'First steps' section of our [Wiki](https://wiki.sweep-me.net/wiki/Main_Page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with SweepMe!, please visit the 'First steps' article of our [Wiki](https://wiki.sweep-me.net/wiki/Main_Page).
```

## Development guide

> Our Wiki contains a section about [Driver Programming](https://wiki.sweep-me.net/wiki/Driver_Programming) where you can find a description of the driver API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Wiki contains an article about [Driver Programming](https://wiki.sweep-me.net/wiki/Driver_Programming) where you can find a description of the driver API.
```
